hi,
hi,
how are you?
i am okay as an old man. 
how about you? 
i am fine.
i do miss you for some times.
i miss you many times. i would not tell you how many.
are you good?
yes, i am fine. thank you.
has it been a good day?
it has been a long day.
what beautiful things do you do today?
i go to the school, then to some party with the dance class. but i get tired very easily, so i go home early. i don't like parties too much.
is everything alright?
yes, it is.
It's good to see you. How long has it been since we last saw each other?
it has been a very long time. has it been good in your life? you are still doing karate?
Yes, that's right. 
why do you like karate?
i do not know. it is hard to tell why we like or not like something.
So, since we last talked, I've got a new job and moved into a new apartment. What about you? What have you done since we last talked?
Ah, that's interesting. I've been working hard on a project at work lately. What have you been doing lately?
i run errands. i get into a depressive mood and do not want to do any studying. i am basically got stuck real bad with my thesis.
If I had more free time, I'd play some golf. What about you?
well, if i had more free time, i would definitely do more karate.
I wish I could remember the name of your friend. You know the tall one with dark hair. Are you still hanging out together?
eh.. we broke up after that. 
i wish i could be him. so that i can come to see you.
i do not find him fascinating. i like my old man. and he self tortured.
I used to hang out with my friends a lot more. Unfortunately, I don't have much time these days. What did you use to do that you don't do much anymore?
i used to spend a lot of time gazing at the sky, getting detached from reality. too sad.
I got a new job, and everything changed. What did you do to change things?
oh when i try to change, i go to events, hang out with friends, be honest and open about my problems. i register for a dance or martial art class.
Oh well, I'm sure things will be different soon. I know things will change for the better when I get married! Will things change for you soon? If so, how will they change?
i do not think that marriage solves the problem. on the contrary, i think that it reserves overwhelming responsibility. so i refrain from them as much as i can.
Oh, look at the time!
i got to go. ciao.
good night.
