We show that subgame-perfect
equilibria
of infinite-horizon
games arise as limits,
as the horizon
grows long and epsilon small, of subgame-perfect
epsilon-equilibria
of games which are truncated
after a finite horizon. A number of applications
show
that this result provides
a useful technique
for analyzing
the existence
and
uniqueness
of infinite-horizon
equilibria.
We extend our result to the sequential
equilibrium
concept.

This paper explores the fundamental problem of what can be inferred about the
outcome of a noncooperative game, from the rationality of the players and from the
information they possess. The answer is summarized in a solution concept called ratio-
nalizability. Strategy profiles that are rationalizable are not always Nash equilibria;
conversely, the information in an extensive form game often allows certain "unreasonable"
Nash equilibria to be excluded from the set of rationalizable profiles. A stronger form of
rationalizability is appropriate if players are known to be not merely "rational" but also
"cautious."
Correlated equilibrium is formulated in a manner that does away with the dichotomy
usually perceived between the "Bayesian" and the "game-theoretic" view of the world.
From the Bayesian viewpoint, probabilities should be assignable to everything, including
the prospect of a player choosing a certain strategy in a certain game. The so-called
"game-theoretic" viewpoint holds that probabilities can only be assigned to events not
governed by rational decision makers; for the latter, one must substitute an equilibrium
(or other game-theoretic) notion. The current formulation synthesizes the two viewpoints:
Correlated equilibrium is viewed as the result of Bayesian rationality; the equilibrium
condition appears as a simple maximization of utility on the part of each player, given his
information.
A feature of this approach is that it does not require explicit randomization on the part
of the players. Each player always chooses a definite pure strategy, with no attempt to
randomize; the probabilistic nature of the strategies reflects the uncertainty of other players
about his choice. Examples are given.
This paper investigates when patent races will be characterized by vigorous competition and
when they will degenerate into a monopoly. Under some conditions, a firm with an arbitrarily
small headstart can preempt its rivals. Such ‘s-preemption’ is shown to depend on whether a
lirm that is behind in the patent race, as measured by the expected time remaining until
discovery, can ‘leapfrog’ the competition and become the new leader. An example of an R&D
game with random discovery illustrates how s-preemption can occur when leapfrogging is
impossible. A multi-stage R&D process allows leapfrogging and thus permits competition. A
similar conclusion emerges in a model of a deterministic patent race with imperfect monitoring
of rival firms’ R&D investment activities.
The paper proposes a Bayesian approach to selecting a particular equilibrium point s* of
any given finite n-person noncooperative game F as solution for F. It is assumed that each player i
starts his analysis o f the game situation by assigning a subjective prior probability distribution pj to
the set of all pure strategies available to each other player/. (The prior distributions pj used by all
other players i in assessing the likely strategy choice of any given player/will be identical, because
all these players i will compute this prior distribution pj from the basic parameters of game I" in the
same way.) Then, the players are assumed to modify their subjective probability distributions PJ
o v e r each other's pure strategies systematically in a continuous manner until all of these probability
distributions will converge, in an appropriate sense, to a specific equilibrium point s* o f F, which,
then, will be accepted as solution.
A mathematical procedure, to be called the tracing procedure, is proposed to provide a mathe-
matical representation for this intellectual process of convergent expectations. Two variants of this
procedure are described. One, to be called the linear tracing procedure, is shown to define a unique
solution in "almost all" cases but not quite in all cases. The other variant, to be callcd the
logarithmic" tracing procedure, always defines a unique solution in all possible cases. Moreover, in all
cases where the linear procedure yields a unique solution at all, both procedures always yield the
same solution. For any given game F, the solution obtained in this way heavily depends on the
prior probability distributions P l , 9 9 -, Pn used as a starting point for the tracing procedure. In the
last section, the results o f the tracing procedure are given for a simple class of two-person variablc-
sum games, in numerical detail.
